An action to move a vehicle on the road. The duration of the action is the distance between the initial and final junction, divided by the speed of the vehicle. The vehicle must be at the initial junction, and the initial and final junctions must be connected. The road must be put in place and the final junction must be clear. At the start of the action the vehicle is no longer at the initial junction, and the initial junction is clear. At the end, the vehicle is at the final junction.

An action to move a vehicle on a road from one junction to another. The duration is the time it takes to go the stated distance based on the speed. In order for this action to occur, the junctions must be connected.

Here there is an action of a moving vehicle on the road. The duration of this action depends on the speed of the vehicle. At the start there is a vehicle at an initial junction. The initial and final junction are connected. By the end the vehicle's location will be the final junction.

This action moves a machine on a road from one junction to another. The actions takes the distance between the two junctions divided by the speed of the car. At the start, the vehicle must be at the junction in its initial position. The road must connect the initial position to the final position. The vehicle must be on the road. At the end, the final destination must be clear. When the action begins, the initial location becomes clear. The vehicle is no longer at the initial location. Ultimately, the vehicle is in the final location. 

An action that moves a vehicle down a road given an initial junction, a final junction, the vehicle to move, and the road to move along. The action requires that the vehicle is at the start junction, the start and end junctions are connected, the road is in place, and the end junction is clear. At the start of the action, the start junction is marked as clear and the car is marked as no longer at the start junction. At the end of the action the vehicle is placed at the end junction. The action lasts as long as the dividend of the distance between the two junctions and the speed of the vehicle. 