An action to untrap a victim. The duration of the action is 25 minutes. At the start the fire brigade and victim must be at the accident location. The victim must be certified, waiting, and trapped. The fire brigade must be available. At the beginning of the action the fire brigade will not be available. At the end of the action, the victim will be not trapped and the fire brigade will be available again.

An action for the fire brigade to untrap a victim from an accident at a specific location. The duration is 25. For this action to be performed, the fire brigade and victim must be at the same location. The fire brigade must be available to help, and the victim must be trapped and waiting for help. 

The action here is to untrap someone from a vehicle in an accident. This action’s duration is 25 minutes. At the start the fire brigade is at the accident location where the accident victim is as well. The fire brigade must be available and the victim must be certified. The victims will be waiting as they are trapped. Doing this action means that the fire brigade will not be available any more but by the end the victim will not be trapped. Once the victim gets untapped the fire brigade will be available once again.

An action for the fire brigade to untrap an accident victim at the accident location. This action takes 25 minutes. At the start, the accident victim and the fire brigade are at the accident location. The fire brigade is certified. The accident victim is available. The accident victim is waiting, and trapped. When the action starts, the fire brigade is no longer available and the accident victim is not trapped. When the action is complete, the accident victim is not trapped and the fire brigade is available again. 

An action that takes a fire brigade to perform a rescue, an accident victim who is currently trapped, and an accident location to rescue them from. The action requires that both the fire brigade and the victim are at the accident location and that the victim is certified for rescues. The action also requires that the fire brigade is not currently rescuing somebody else and that the victim is currently waiting for rescue. At the start of the action, the fire brigade is designated as unavailable. At the end of the action, the victim is no longer trapped and the fire brigade is once again available for rescue operations. The action takes 25 minutes.