An action to lift a crate from a storage area to another area. The duration of the action is 2 minutes. The hoist must initially be available and the crate must be in the storage area. The storage area must be connected to the destination area throughout, and the hoist must be at the destination area throughout. The storage area must be in a place. At the start of the action the crate will no longer be in a place, and the hoist will no longer be available. At the start of the action the hoist will be lifting the crate, and the crate will no longer be in the storage area. At the end of the action the storage area will be clear.

An action to lift a crate with a hoist from one location to another. The duration is 2. For the action to be performed, the hoist must be available and at the same location as the the crate, and the starting and ending locations must be connected.

The action here, which can be done in 2 minutes, is to lift a crate. The crate will be moved from one location to another location. The hoist must be available to do so and at the area. The two locations must be connected. 

This action uses a hoist to lift a crate from the storage area to another destination area. It takes two minutes to lift the crate. The hoist must be available. The crate must be in the storage area. The storage area and the destination area must be connected. The hoist must be in the destination area. The storage area must be in a place. Once the action starts, the crate is not in a place and the hoist is not available. The hoist is lifting the crate. The crate is not in the storage area. At the end, the storage area is clear. 

An action that lifts a crate from one area to another given the hoist to perform the lift, the source area, the destination area, and the place the areas are in. The action requires that the crate is in the source area, the destination area and source area are connected, the hoist to use is available, the source area is in the correct place, and the hoist to use is in the destination area. At the start of the action, the hoist is marked as unavailable, the crate is no longer in the place of the source area nor on the source area, and the hoist is marked as lifting the crate. At the end of the action, the source area is marked as cleared. The duration of the action is 2 minutes.
